docs(en): merge reactjs.org/main into zh-hans.reactjs.org/main @ 5e9d673c (#764)
reactjs/zh-hans.reactjs.org: beta/src/pages/learn/writing-markup-with-jsx.md

The Web has been built on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. For many years, web developers kept content in HTML, design in CSS, and logic in JavaScript—often in separate files! Content was marked up inside HTML while the page's logic lived separately in JavaScript:

<DiagramGroup>

<Diagram name="writing_jsx_html" height={237} width={325} alt="HTML markup with purple background and a div with two child tags: p and form. ">

HTML

</Diagram>

<Diagram name="writing_jsx_js" height={237} width={325} alt="Three JavaScript handlers with yellow background: onSubmit, onLogin, and onClick.">

JavaScript

</Diagram>

</DiagramGroup>

But as the Web became more interactive, logic increasingly determined content. JavaScript was in charge of the HTML! This is why **in React, rendering logic and markup live together in the same place—components!**

> <DiagramGroup>
> 
> <Diagram name="writing_jsx_sidebar" height={330} width={325} alt="React component with HTML and JavaScript from previous examples mixed. Function name is Sidebar which calls the function isLoggedIn, highlighted in yellow. Nested inside the function highlighted in purple is the p tag from before, and a Form tag referencing the component shown in the next diagram.">
> 
> Sidebar.js
> 
> </Diagram>
> 
> <Diagram name="writing_jsx_form" height={330} width={325} alt="React component with HTML and JavaScript from previous examples mixed. Function name is Form containing two handlers onClick and onSubmit highlighted in yellow. Following the handlers is HTML highlighted in purple. The HTML contains a form element with a nested input element, each with an onClick prop.">
> 
> Form.js
> 
> </Diagram>
> 
> </DiagramGroup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<DiagramGroup>

<Diagram name="writing_jsx_sidebar" height={330} width={325} alt="React 组件与之前示例中混合的 HTML 和 JavaScript。函数名称是 Sidebar，它调用了函数 isLoggedIn，以黄色突出显示。嵌套在以紫色突出显示的函数内的是之前的 p 标记，以及一个引用下图中显示的组件的 Form 标记。">

Sidebar.js

</Diagram>

<Diagram name="writing_jsx_form" height={330} width={325} alt="React component with HTML and JavaScript from previous examples mixed. Function name is Form containing two handlers onClick and onSubmit highlighted in yellow. Following the handlers is HTML highlighted in purple. The HTML contains a form element with a nested input element, each with an onClick prop.">

Form.js

</Diagram>

</DiagramGroup>
```
